I'm here at the Brigham Young Academy
Square.
Here at Earthark Studios, we believe
that great design tells a story.
This is the Beehive Fountain, which was
established all the way in 1914.
I think it's a beautiful structure that
represents industry, and it's been here
for over a century.
And when you look over here, you can
notice the 1891 inscription at the
entrance. It's got strong bricks, arch
windows, all hallmarks of great enduring
design.
And still, as we approach the entrance,
you can see more strong vertical lines
and Romanesque arches. All of these
elements give the building its solid
foundation.
And it's no wonder that it's lasted such
a long time.
This building was designed with purpose
on a solid foundation. And that's what
we intend to do with every project that
we do here at Earth March Studios. Thank
you.